- <p><strong><strong>1. Deciphering the biodegradation of thiamethoxam by <i>Phanerochaete chrysosporium</i> with natural siderite: Synergistic mechanisms, transcriptomics characterization, and molecular simulation  (2024).</strong></strong> <br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Anwei Chen*, Jiale Zhang, Si Luo, Youzheng Chai, Jianhua Zeng, Ma Bai, Zhenghang Yang, and Gen Lu. <br><strong><em>Journal of Hazardous Materials</em>: 480, 136327.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhazmat.2024.136327</p>

- <p><strong><strong>2. Extracellular enzyme mediated biotransformation of imidacloprid by white-rot fungus <i>Phanerochaete chrysosporium</i>: Mechanisms, pathways, and toxicity (2023).</strong></strong> <br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Anwei Chen*, Youzheng Chai, Ruoyu Cao, Jianhua Zeng, Ma Bai, Liang Peng, Jihai Shao, and Xiang Wang. <br><strong><em>Chemical Engineering Journal</em>: 472, 144798.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2023.144798</p>

- <p><strong><strong>3. Reverse microemulsions as nano-carriers of tea polyphenols retard oxidation of <i>Eucommia ulmoides</i> oliver seed oil (2023).</strong></strong> <br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Jianhua Zeng, Chen Pan, Youzheng Chai, Ma Bai, Jiaxing Li*, Anwei Chen*. <br><strong><em>Colloids and Surfaces A-Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects</em>: 671, 131687.</strong> <br>DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.colsurfa.2023.131687</p>

- <p><strong><strong>4. Formation and stability of <i>Eucommia ulmoides</i> Oliver seed oil‐loaded inverse microemulsion formed by food‐grade ingredients and its antioxidant activities (2020).</strong></strong> <br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Jiaxing Li*, Yating Liu, and Liang Chen.<br><strong><em>Journal of Food Science</em>: 85(5), 1489-1499.</strong> DOI: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1750-3841.15103</p>

- <p><strong><strong>5. Effect of tea polyphenol on oxidative stability of peony seed oil and  shelf life prediction (2019).</strong></strong> <br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Wuguo Xiong, Jiaxing Li*, Jing Tu, Cheng Huang, and Shuangping Chen.<br><strong><em>China Oils and Fats</em>: 44(1), 92-96.</strong> DOI: http://tg.chinaoils.cn/zgyz/ch/reader/view_abstract.aspx?file_no=20190119&flag=1</p>

- <p><strong><strong>6. Research progress on extraction and health-beneficial effects of <i>Eucommia ulmoids</i> oliver seed oil and its prospect of application (2019)</strong></strong>.<br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, and Jiaxing Li*. <br><strong><em>Science and Technology of Food Industry</em> (EI): 40(Supplement 1), 66-70.</strong></p>

- <p><strong><strong>7. Progress in preparation and application of vegetable  oil - based microemulsion (2018)</strong></strong>.<br><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong>, Jiaxing Li*, Zhimou Guan, Cheng Huang, Wuguo Xiong, and Shuangping Chen.<br><strong><em>China Oils and Fats</em>: 43(10), 58-64.</strong> DOI: http://tg.chinaoils.cn/zgyz/ch/reader/view_abstract.aspx?file_no=20181012&flag=1</p>

<strong><strong>Co-authored Papers</strong></strong>
- <p><strong><strong>1. Upgrading lignocellulosic biomass to high-value products through the pretreatment driven by bio-based ethylene glycol solvent (2024).</strong></strong> <br>Youzheng Chai, Zhaohui Tong, Naif Abdullah Al-Dhabi, Litong Zhou, Anwei Chen*, <u><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong></u>, et al. <br><strong><em>Chemical Engineering Journal</em>: 496, 153797.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2024.153797</p>

- <p><strong><strong>2. Triclocarban and triclosan promote breast cancer progression in vitro and in vivo via activating G protein-coupled estrogen receptor signaling pathways (2024).</strong></strong> <br>7.	Tingting He, Xin Li, Jiezhi Ma, Yuan Yang, <u><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong></u>, Jianhua Zeng, Lin Luo, <strong>Yu-Long Yin</strong>, Lin-Ying Cao*. <br><strong><em>Science of the Total Environment</em>: 931, 172782.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.172782</p>

- <p><strong><strong>3. Design and synthesis of SO3H-based ionic liquids for direct catalytic conversion of straw to levulinic acid (2024).</strong></strong> <br>Zhenghang Yang, Cui Shang, Ma Bai, Youzheng Chai, <u><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong></u>, et al. <br><strong><em>Industrial Crops and Products</em>: 215, 118632.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.indcrop.2024.118632</p>

- <p><strong><strong>4. Co-Mn-Fe spinel-carbon composite catalysts enhanced persulfate activation for degradation of neonicotinoid insecticides: (Non) radical path identification, degradation pathway and toxicity analysis (2023).</strong></strong> <br>Ma Bai, Youzheng Chai, Anwei Chen*, Jihai Shao, <u><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong></u>, et al. <br><strong><em>Journal of Hazardous Materials</em>: 460, 132473.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhazmat.2023.132473</p>

- <p><strong><strong>5. Production of furan chemicals from contaminated biomass using hydrothermal-assisted activated persulfate strategy: Exploring the critical role of heavy metals on products (2023).</strong></strong> <br>Youzheng Chai, Jiayi Yuan, Ma Bai, Anwei Chen*, <u><strong>Shiye Zhu</strong></u>, et al. <br><strong><em>Chemical Engineering Journal</em>: 464, 142594.</strong> DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2023.142594</p>